Replace wasm-opt in bindings dep with local version (#283)
iotaledger/notarization: bindings/wasm/audit_trail_wasm/README.md

console.log(state.sequenceNumber);
```

## Build the Library

Alternatively, you can build the bindings yourself if you have Rust installed. If not, refer
to [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs) for the installation.

### Requirements

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) (>= `v20`)
- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) (>= 1.65)
- [Cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/) (>= 1.65)

> - for running example: a local network node with the IOTA identity package deployed as described in [Local Network Setup](https://docs.iota.org/iota-identity/getting-started/local-network-setup)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for running example: a local network node with the IOTA Audit Trails package deployed as described in [Local Network Setup](https://docs.iota.org/developer/iota-notarization/audit-trails/getting-started/local-network-setup)
```

Author: Ah, I thought, I checked for these remainders. Thank you! >.<

which [`wasm-pack` does not expose](https://github.com/rustwasm/wasm-pack/issues/930).

```bash
cargo install --force wasm-bindgen-cli
```

#### Install `wasm-opt`

To reduce the size of the wasm package, it is optimized with `wasm-opt`, which is part of [`binaryen`](https://github.com/WebAssembly/binaryen).

You can either download a [release of binaryen](https://github.com/WebAssembly/binaryen/releases) and make the bin folder available in your PATH or check if your operating system tooling offers a more convenient way of installing the binaries like APT, Homebrew, etc.

Some examples:

- Linux via APT: `sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get -y install binaryen` (taken from [here](https://installati.one/install-binaryen-ubuntu-22-04/))
- MacOS via Homebrew: `brew install binaryen` (see [Homebrew entry](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/binaryen))

### 2. Install Dependencies

After installing local tooling, you can install the necessary dependencies using the following command:

```bash
npm install
```

### 3. Build

You can build the bindings for `node.js` using the following command:

> ```bash npm2yarn

Reviewer: Is `npm2yarn`intended to be located in this line?

Author: Not sure myself, tbh, was assuming, that this gave some context to the renderings in the docs. See also:

- [identity](https://github.com/iotaledger/identity/blob/v1.9.9-beta.1/bindings/wasm/identity_wasm/README.md?plain=1#L60) (where I got this from)
- [hierarchies](https://github.com/iotaledger/hierarchies/blob/main/bindings/wasm/hierarchies_wasm/README.md?plain=1#L61)

Reviewer: I see no difference in the rendered markdown. Seems to be superfluous.

This is from the rendered Identity README.md:

<img width="733" height="196" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8115e270-49c5-48da-82ba-26cdef297019" />

Author: Hm, are parts of the readme pulled into the IOTA docs or may be in the future?

Seems to be related to [@docusaurus/remark-plugin-npm2yarn](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@docusaurus/remark-plugin-npm2yarn?activeTab=readme) used in the [docs](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota/blob/develop/docs/site/package.json#L34).

Tried to use the same text blocks throughout the 7 readmes, but we can also drop these markers, if they don't make sense. ^^

Reviewer: Ah, OK, good to know & thanks for the hint. IMO we should leave it as it is even if AFAIK it's not rendered in docusaurus docs. It doesn't hurt and who knows where something is or will be rendered.
